README.md, before:

# My portfolio

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d75c12ea668d439aa28819e9cb31b6cf)](https://app.codacy.com/app/survivorbat/portfolio?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=survivorbat/portfolio&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)

This repository contains the code that is used to display my (new) personal portfolio
over at [maarten.dev](https://maarten.dev). This website has a simple static frontend
and a nodejs backend. Html code is compiled from Twig templates and css is generated
from scss files. This project is deployed using Docker and Ansible.

## Prerequisites

You have to have docker and docker-compose installed in order to get this project
up and running. It is also advisable to have Make installed in order to use the Makefile.

## Getting started

1. GIT clone the repository
2. Run `make up`
3. Visit [https://localhost](https://localhost) to get started

Please be aware that your browser will notify you that the SSL/TLS certificate is not trusted.
You may **ignore** this warning since the development version of the project uses
self-signed certificates that were generated when you started the project.

## Known quirks

* Static files are currently served through the node backend, I prefer to serve them
through the Nginx webserver in order to let Nginx do the heavy lifting with static files

## Future plans

* Serve static files through Nginx
* Add more visual content and if possible reduce amount of text
* Perhaps add a CMS in the background with PHP to show off some PHP code

Commit message:

develop: Change node to symfony

README.md, after:

# My portfolio

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d75c12ea668d439aa28819e9cb31b6cf)](https://app.codacy.com/app/survivorbat/portfolio?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=survivorbat/portfolio&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)

This repository contains the code that is used to display my (new) personal portfolio
over at [maarten.dev](https://maarten.dev). /** TODO */. This project is deployed using Docker and Ansible.

## Prerequisites

You have to have docker and docker-compose installed in order to get this project
up and running. It is also advisable to have Make installed in order to use the Makefile.

## Getting started

1. Add the lines from `docs/hosts.txt` to your `/etc/hosts file
1. Run `make up`
1. Visit [https://localhost](https://localhost) to get started

Please be aware that your browser will notify you that the SSL/TLS certificate is not trusted.
You may **ignore** this warning since the development version of the project uses
self-signed certificates that were generated when you started the project.

## Known quirks

* None yet!
